This course has four primary topics.
Our first two topics will be a comparison of
cloud services to the on-premises model most of us are familiar with.
For costs in the cloud,
we will look at what services AWS charges for,
how costs are calculated,
what you need to know to decide what infrastructure is appropriate for your technology,
and how to optimize to get the lowest price for what you need to run successfully.
In the performance in the cloud lesson,
we will explore optimized instances,
scaling, and how to optimize for improved performance.
The serverless lesson will introduce you to
the AWS serverless technology offering and how they can impact performance and cost.
Serverless is truly where the cloud differentiates itself from the on-premises model.
In the infrastructure as code lesson,
we will begin to explore the idea that your entire enterprise can be defined in
code and saved as files that can be used to deploy infrastructure in AWS.
You'll start to learn the language of the cloud and
begin to think of cloud solutions like an architect.
The work ahead is very exciting to me and I can't wait to get started.
In this course, we will spend most of our instruction time in the AWS console.
In the first half of the course,
we will be exclusively in the console working with AWS services to
estimate costs and optimize performance.
We will continue to do some work in the console as we explore AWS serverless technology,
but we will get into a little bit of serverless code as
we explore possibilities with AWS Lambda.
For the last lesson on infrastructure as code,
we'll be working in an IDE and the command line to create and run our terraform files.
AWS has over 100 services on their menu,
and you can expect that number to grow and the interfaces to change over time.
They're always testing and pushing out new pages and dashboards.
So you can expect that from time to time you will
log in and things won't look the same as the last time you checked in.
It's all in the name of progress,
so it's best to stay up-to-date on upcoming changes by
reading AWS blogs and watching their broadcasts on YouTube.